ZeroNetworks event collector (#36007)
demisto/content: Packs/ZeroNetworksSegment/Integrations/ZeroNetworksSegmentEventCollector/README.md

This is the Zero Networks event collector integration for Cortex XSIAM.

## Configure Zero Networks Segment Event Collector on Cortex XSOAR

1. Navigate to **Settings** > **Integrations** > **Servers & Services**.
2. Search for Zero Networks Segment Event Collector.
3. Click **Add instance** to create and configure a new integration instance.

    | **Parameter** | **Description** | **Required** |
    | --- | --- | --- |
    | Server URL |  | True |

>     | API Key | The API Key to use for connection | True |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    | API Key | The API key to use for connection. | True |
```

    | Fetch network events |  | False |

>     | Network Activity Filters | Using filters is necessary to reduce amount of events | False |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    | Network Activity Filters | Use filters to reduce the amount of events. | False |
```

    | Maximum audit events to fetch | Maximum number of audit events per fetch. The default value is 10000. | False |
    | Maximum network activities events to fetch | Maximum number of network activities events per fetch. The default value is 2000. | False |
    | Trust any certificate (not secure) |  | False |
    | Use system proxy settings |  | False |

4. Click **Test** to validate the URLs, token, and connection.

## Commands

> You can execute these commands from the Cortex XSOAR CLI, as part of an automation, or in a playbook.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can execute these commands from the Cortex XSIAM CLI, as part of an automation, or in a playbook.
```
